LinkedIn 'About':

I am a trilingual professional passionate about technology and creating impactful digital experiences. I am committed to providing and implementing innovative and effective solutions in companies, for automation, management, processes and development. I'm always looking to update myself and acquire more knowledge.

I study Applied Technology, taking a Bachelor's Degree in Software & Web Development at Brigham Young University-Idaho.
I am certified in BYU-Pathway Worldwide's PathwayConnect program where I studied English, Algebra, Business Management and developed Personal, Professional and University Skills.

My knowledge of programming languages includes solid skills with:
Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL, Python and C#.

I have Back-End experience in Software Development creating various calculations, user registrations, shopping and task list applications, process automation, proposal generation, database, data analysis, report generation. All of this using libraries, functions, classes, methods and API integration.

I have Front-End experience in Web Development, creating wireframes, layouts, website structuring, quality content, widgets, visual identity (branding), color and font stylization, and responsive design.

Before studying programming, I worked with Excel, developing inventory control systems, automatic solar energy budgets, automatic generation of commercial proposals, HR spreadsheets for employee control, and vehicle expense control spreadsheets.

In addition, I am certified by IFRS in Database, Business Resource Management, People Management: Concepts and Processes, among others.

I have extensive experience in setting and achieving goals and collecting information and data to drive project success. Additionally, I act as a Mentor, sharing my experience and guiding people in their personal, academic and professional growth.

My commitment to continuous learning and constant improvement makes me a versatile and adaptable professional, ready to face new challenges and contribute positively to any team or project. I'm excited to explore new opportunities and collaborate on innovative projects.

Contact me to discuss how we can work together to achieve your goals!